Ruoxi, what's going on?
One down payment, but I finally got it back.
Why are you still here?
Your Majesty, you don't know it's all because of this trash
You drove away the down payment, said he, and gave me a few words to cover the water.
Everything says dogs are powerful
Who did you hit with this dog today?
How dare you bite!
Who are you? I'm your father. Who am I?
You stinky security guard
Dare to ask this young master
Okay, stop talking nonsense with him
Now here's what's important.
We have to beg his forgiveness for the down payment.
If I offend the richest man
My summer vacation is over, oh well Ruoxi
I'm here to bring you good news
The richest man has found an heir
Are you sure so soon?
Although not sure yet
But also very young
I heard that Ye Shoufu found it himself
My royal family also received a task
Announced tonight at the Tianlong Hotel
Heir to the richest family
He also specially explained that in order to thank you, the Chu family
Decided to announce the night market at the banquet tonight
Billion cooperation with you Chu Zhe
100 billion cooperation
My Chu family hasn't had time to do anything yet
Why doesn't the richest man Ye thank our Chu family?
It seems that it is the result of the emperor clenching his fists in the bushes
Don't worry.
I will definitely dress up and attend
Nausea is not good
Let's have a showdown with him
We don't need to hide like this anymore
You are about to become the president of 100 billion integration
But this trash is not a word at all
What does your mom mean by that?